<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- LAST_UPDATE=1970-01-01 00:00:00 --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. -->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="pluginglpi_fusioninventory_networkports" xml:lang="en-gb">
  <title>Network ports</title>
  <shortdesc>Port visualization of network components (switches, routers)</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>This page is available on from of a network equipment and go on tab <i>FusInv SNMP</i>.</p>
    <section>
      <title>SNMP Informations</title>
      <p>Data seen here are : </p>
      <ul>
        <li><i>Sysdescr</i> : it&apos;s the sysdescr of the switch (SNMP)</li>
        <li>SNMP models : it&apos;s the SNMP model associated with this switch. The button <i>Load the correct model</i> can be used to set the right model with help of the <i>sysdescr</i> and if is present in the SNMP definitions (<xref href="pluginglpi_fusinvsnmp_snmpmodels.dita"/>).</li>
        <li><i>SNMP authentication</i> : Authentication used to access query SNMP oid.</li>
        <li><i>Last inventory</i> : date of last inventory of this switch</li>
        <li><i>CPU usage (in %)</i> : % of CPU when have made last inventory</li>
        <li><i>Memory usage (in %)</i> : % of memory used (in most case of switch this value is the storage of operating system (firmware)</li>
        <li><i>Uptime</i> : Uptime since last reboot of switch</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>IP</title>
      <p>A switch can have many IP. This array display all of these IP addresses.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Ports array</title>
      <p>This is list of columns / informations of each port : </p>
      <ul>
        <li><i>Name</i>: Shops the name of the network port</li>
        <li><i>MTU</i>: Shows the maximum packet size traversing this port</li>
        <li><i>Speed</i>: Show the speed the port is operating at<note>The speed is also shown at 10 Mbps when there is no device connected (and power up) to this port.</note></li>
        <li><i>Internal status</i> : Display with a colored dot if the port is active or not</li>
        <li><i>Last change</i> : Display time since last modification of the port (not works very well on some manufacturer switch)</li>
        <li><i>Number of bytes received</i> : Display number of bytes the port have received</li>
        <li><i>Number of input errors</i> : Display number of errors when port received data. If more than 0, this case have red background color to identify quickly</li>
        <li><i>Number of bytes sent</i> : Display number of bytes port have sent</li>
        <li><i>Number of errors in reception</i> : Display number of errors when port send data. If more than 0, this case have red background color to identify quickly</li>
        <li><i>Duplex</i> : Display if the port is in half-duplex or full duplex</li>
        <li><i>Internal MAC</i> : Display MAC address of the port (can be different than switch MAC)</li>
        <li><i>VLAN</i>: Show the VLAN of this port</li>
        <li><i>Connected to</i> : Display on witch GLPI device this port is connected</li>
        <li><i>Connection</i> : Display with colored dot if a device is connected and power on<note>A device can be connected but power off (so colored dot is red)</note></li>
        <li><i>Description du port</i> : Display description of the port</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <p>There are many colors line (Background color) : </p>
    <ul>
      <li><i>Grey</i>: This port has no connection with any device</li>
      <li><i>Orange with the wording &quot;Trunk port&quot;</i>: A connected port that is connected with a switch or server using port trunking / link aggregation (or is tagged)</li>
      <li><i>Orange with the wording &quot;Connected port&quot;</i>: A port connected to equipment without usage of trunks.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>The history of each port can be visualized by clicking on the + which gen be found in the first cell. An array will display all modifications of informations and all connections and disconnections of devices.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
