<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- LAST_UPDATE=1970-01-01 00:00:00 --><!-- This document was created with Syntext Serna Free. --><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../dtd/topic.dtd" []>
<topic id="pluginglpi_fusioninventory_rangeip" xml:lang="en-gb">
  <title>IP ranges</title>
  <shortdesc>Management of IP ranges</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>Defining an IP range is mandatory in order to carry out either a network discovery or an SNMP inventory.</p>
    <ul>
      <li><i>Name</i> : Name of the range</li>
      <li><i>Start of IP range</i> : First IP address of the range</li>
      <li><i>End of IP range</i>: Last IP address of the range</li>
      <li><i>Entity</i> : Associate this IP range to an entity </li>
    </ul>
    <note>An input validation is performed upon saving the IP range and any issue will result in an error message being displayed.</note>
    <section>
      <title>&quot;Permanent task - discovery (SNMP)&quot; tab </title>
      <p>This tab is used to create a network discovery task easily. </p>
      <p>Click on the <i>&quot;Create task easily&quot;</i> link  to set up the task. Further configuration is required (see <xref href="pluginglpi_fusioninventory_tasksmanagement.dita"/>).</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>&quot;Permanent task - inventory (SNMP)&quot; tab </title>
      <p>This tab is used to create an inventory (SNMP) task easily. </p>
      <p>Click on the <i>&quot;Create task easily&quot;</i> link  to set up the task. Further configuration is required (see <xref href="pluginglpi_fusioninventory_tasksmanagement.dita"/>).See section before <i>Tab Permanent task - discovery (SNMP).</i> </p>
    </section>
    <p>Both tabs contain  a history providing complete logs for each task. The time-limit for storing this logs can be set in the setup options (see <xref href="pluginglpi_fusioninventory_configuration_general.dita"/>).</p>
  </body>
</topic>
